updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17016)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/typeconverters-and-xaml.md

 <xref:System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.CanConvertTo%2A> and <xref:System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.CanConvertFrom%2A> are support methods that are used when a service queries the capabilities of the <xref:System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter> implementation. You must implement these methods to return `true` for type-specific cases that the equivalent conversion methods of your converter support. For XAML purposes, this generally means the <xref:System.String> type.  
  
### Culture Information and Type Converters for XAML  

>  Each <xref:System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter> implementation can have its own interpretation of what constitutes a valid string for a conversion, and can also use or ignore the type description passed as parameters. There is an important consideration with regard to culture and XAML type conversion. Using localizable strings as attribute values is entirely supported by XAML. But using that localizable string as type converter input with specific culture requirements is not supported, because type converters for XAML attribute values involve a necessarily fixed-language parsing behavior, using `en-US` culture. For more information on the design reasons for this restriction, you should consult the XAML language specification ([\[MS-XAML\]](https://github.com/Microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Threading/SingleThreadedApplication)).  

Reviewer: This was not the target of that Fwlink. Is this a bug on the tool?

```suggestion

 Each <xref:System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter> implementation can have its own interpretation of what constitutes a valid string for a conversion, and can also use or ignore the type description passed as parameters. There is an important consideration with regard to culture and XAML type conversion. Using localizable strings as attribute values is entirely supported by XAML. But using that localizable string as type converter input with specific culture requirements is not supported, because type converters for XAML attribute values involve a necessarily fixed-language parsing behavior, using `en-US` culture. For more information on the design reasons for this restriction, you should consult the XAML language specification ([\[MS-XAML\]](http://download.microsoft.com/download/0/A/6/0A6F7755-9AF5-448B-907D-13985ACCF53E/[MS-XAML].pdf).  
```
